# stimuli

This folder contains all stimuli for the study.

### Directories
- `attention_checks/`: Contains the attention check materials
- `headlines/` : contains images of all headline stimuli.
- `human_factchecks/` : contains images of the human fact checks utilized for the chatgpt fact checking experiment.
- `chatgpt_responses/` : contains screenshots of chatgpt's response to our chosen prompt.
    - Response screenshot filenames take the following form:
        - Ex: `01_CGPT_response__political_prodem_false__2023-01-25.png` where the prefix is the stimuli number (matches to the headline image) and the suffix (after `_CGPT_response__`) includes the type (political/medical), ideological congruency (prodem vs. prorep), veracity (true, false), and the date when the screenshot was captured.
    - To see a webpage automatically generated by ChatGPT that shows the full conversation with ChatGPT, you can visit [this page](https://chat.openai.com/share/03d21892-4ad6-45fb-a623-80020230aef6).
        - Please note that it is unclear how long ChatGPT will support this feature. Matt suspects that they will remove it eventually, so the above link may be broken. The page was generated the week of 2023-08-14.

### Files
- `all_experimental_stimuli_meta_data.csv`: contains all meta data for stimuli
- `headlines_text_w_responses.csv`: contains news headlines matched to their chatGPT responses, includes text of headlines, etc. Used as the base file to create files for manual annotation of cgpt responses.